python script (#4)
ome/omero-guide-python: docs/gettingstarted.rst

Getting started with the OMERO Python API

>  ========================================

Reviewer: This header does not build well.
Maybe the underscore is not fully to the left as it should be ?
![Screen Shot 2020-05-01 at 17 23 03](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2478303/80821349-7031ed00-8bd0-11ea-95ca-b83e961586d1.png)

**Description**
---------------

We will use a Python script showing how to analyze data stored in an OMERO server.

We will show:

- How to connect to server.

- How load images from a dataset.

> - Run a simple FRAP analysis measuring the intensity in a named Channel within an existing ellipse.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run a simple FRAP analysis measuring the intensity within a pre-existing ellipse ROI in a named Channel.
```

> - How to save the generated mean intensities and linked them to the image(s).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- How to save the generated mean intensities and link them to the image(s).
```

**Setup**
---------

We recommend to use a Conda environment to install the OMERO Python bindings. Please read first :doc:`setup`.

**Step-by-Step**
----------------

> In this section, we go over the various steps required to analyse the data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this section, we go through the steps required to analyse the data.
```

> In this section, we go through the steps required to analyse the data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In this section, we go through the steps required to analyze the data.
```
Was "analyze" above.
